(Original Scripts)
The More Transparent, the Better
524531910015 杨希渊

	When students are racking their brains over course selection for the next semester, they always turn to the course selection community for help, where previous ratings and comments for all teacher and classes are demonstrated. Such rating websites and forums have become common nowadays in campus. From my perspective, transparent ratings of courses and teachers to public are crucial in helping students select the right courses.
Firstly, a transparent rating system enables students to gain a brief picture of the teacher's course content, teaching style and grading criteria before selecting courses, which could enhance students’ academic performance greatly. For instance, students who are interested in the course content but worried about grading can weigh their options after consulting these rating websites, helping them avoid making poor decisions. In a word, more information means more rational choices, rather than choosing courses blindly with the only reference of the course name.
Moreover, from teacher’s perspectives, a transparent rating system supervises teachers to improve teaching quality. A free and inclusive environment encourages students to boldly express their opinions about the courses. By getting feedback of students, course arrangements can be adjusted based on student feedback. Just as a chef improves dishes based on customer feedback, teachers will continuously refine their courses to gain more favor from students.
Some people may argue that completely anonymous and open rating websites can sometimes lack authenticity and objectivity, and may also infringe on teachers' privacy. There is no denying that there do exists some comments not describing course information objectively. However, allowing public comments ensures an open atmosphere, and necessary measures can be made to prevent such situations. The information regarding the course itself have no relations with teachers’ privacy.
In conclusion, permissions of making public comments of courses are of great benefit for the effectiveness of students' course selection and the quality of teachers' instruction.
(309 words)